Liqo Gateway & Auth Service Loadbalancer Static IP (#2013)
liqotech/liqo: deployments/liqo/README.md

| auth.pod.extraArgs | list | `[]` | Extra arguments for the auth pod. |
| auth.pod.labels | object | `{}` | Labels for the auth pod. |
| auth.pod.resources | object | `{"limits":{},"requests":{}}` | Resource requests and limits (https://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/compute-resources/) for the auth pod. |

> | auth.service.allocateLoadBalancerNodePorts | string | `""` | If service type is LoadBalancer and want to expose the gateway on NodePorts set it to true |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| auth.service.allocateLoadBalancerNodePorts | string | `""` | Set to 'true' if the service type is LoadBalancer and you want to expose the gateway on NodePorts. |
```
Additional question. If I understand correctly, this parameter could be better named as 'auth.service.allocateGatewayNodePorts', is it correct?
Otherwise it seems to me I did not understand what this flag is intended to do.

Author: You are right. Need to change from auth to Gateway. Will update the PR.

> | auth.service.allocateLoadBalancerNodePorts | string | `""` | If service type is LoadBalancer and want to expose the auth port on NodePorts set it to true. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| auth.service.allocateLoadBalancerNodePorts | string | `""` | Set to false if the service type for auth is LoadBalancer and you do not want to create also a NodePort associated to it (Note: this setting is useful only on cloud providers that support this feature). |
```

| auth.service.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations for the auth service. |
| auth.service.labels | object | `{}` | Labels for the auth service. |

> | auth.service.loadBalancerIP | string | `""` | If service type is LoadBalancer and you want to use a specific IP address incase of static LB overrite the IP here. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| auth.service.loadBalancerIP | string | `""` | Override the IP here if service type is LoadBalancer and you want to use a specific IP address in case of a static LB. |
```

| gateway.pod.labels | object | `{}` | Labels for the network gateway pod. |
| gateway.pod.resources | object | `{"limits":{},"requests":{}}` | Resource requests and limits (https://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/compute-resources/) for the network gateway pod. |
| gateway.replicas | int | `1` | The number of gateway instances to run. The gateway component supports active/passive high availability. Make sure that there are enough nodes to accommodate the replicas, because such pod has to run in the host network, hence no more than one replica can be scheduled on a given node. |

> | gateway.service.allocateLoadBalancerNodePorts | string | `""` | If service type is LoadBalancer and want to expose the gateway ports on NodePorts set it to true. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| gateway.service.allocateLoadBalancerNodePorts | string | `""` | Set to false if you expose the auth service as LoadBalancer and you do not want to create also a NodePort associated to it (Note: this setting is useful only on cloud providers that support this feature). |
```
